(Transcrit par TurboScribe. Passez à Illimité pour supprimer ce message.)

Oh non, c'est génial. Bienvenue à mon deuxième cerveau en 3D. C'est mon entière affaire.

Chaque client, chaque produit, chaque vidéo, toutes mes notes, chaque système que j'utilise se transforme en un système d'opération vivant. Je l'ai construit avec le code Cloud, sur le modèle Cloud Fable 5, celui qui a juste été fermé, mais c'est bien, cela fonctionne sur n'importe quel modèle Cloud. Si vous avez utilisé Obsidian, l'application de note-prendre que tout le monde construit, vous savez que c'est GrabView.

Et si vous ne l'avez jamais touché, ça n'a pas d'importance, vous ne l'avez pas besoin. Le point, c'est que cette chose est bizarre, des doigts gris, des lignes grises. C'est à un autre niveau.

Et ce n'est pas juste joli, elle a une fonctionnalité sérieuse. Donc, je vais diviser cette vidéo en 4 parties. Une, je vais vous montrer les fonctionnalités.

Il y a une version 2D de cela et une version 3D complète et comment vous pouvez l'utiliser. Deux, qu'est-ce qu'un deuxième cerveau d'IA et pourquoi chaque personne et chaque affaire qui utilise l'IA a besoin d'un deuxième cerveau comme celui-ci. Trois, une démonstration complète de son fonctionnement.

Et quatre, si vous êtes propriétaire d'une agence ou si vous voulez un boulot de côté, comment vous pouvez le vendre aux entreprises et être payé pour cela. Alors, assurez-vous de rester jusqu'au bout parce que je vais aussi vous montrer comment vous pouvez obtenir une version gratuite de cela. All right, let's jump right in.

Une petite introduction si vous êtes nouveau. Je m'appelle Zubair. Depuis 3 ans, je construis des outils d'IA, je m'occupe de mon propre agence d'IA, je travaille avec des entreprises réelles.

Et maintenant, je enseigne à des milliers de personnes comment construire des choses comme ça et être payé pour cela. Donc, tout ce que je vais vous montrer, ce n'est pas la théorie, c'est ce que je fais en fait. All right, so let's start with the 3D version and then we're going to jump into the 2D version.

So as you can see right here, I have the ability to zoom in, zoom out. This is my entire world, my entire business, my entire brain, right? I can zoom in and zoom out. I can actually click on a particular note and this will get highlighted so you can see it gets zoomed in.

Everything else kind of gets dimmed so that way I can look at this specifically, all of the data that's flowing in and out. For instance, this is my free school community so I can see everything that's connected to this, right? I also have the ability to turn everything on and off from the right-hand side. So let's say I don't want to look at my tools, right? I can turn that off.

I can turn off the worlds, the clients and everything else so that way I can focus on something particular. So that's kind of a good way to declutter the system there, right? I also have the ability on the left-hand side to search something particular. Let's say I want to search SiteView, which is one of my SaaS products, right? Obviously, yours is going to look different depending on your business.

So there you go. Now it's going to highlight that. I can click on this and it will show me exactly all of the details for that particular node.

On the left-hand side, another thing you notice, this gives me exactly what this node is, right? This kind of gives you more information. It says live geo audit SaaS at siteview.com, gets cited by AI, so that all of the details that are related to that part of my business. And if I click on, this is SiteView, this is my SaaS product, so you can see this is an actual business.

I'm not making it up, right? So everything related to SiteView is now highlighted. I also have the ability to kind of go into DEP 1, DEP 2, DEP 3, right? So everything that's related. Of course, the more deep you go, the more nodes it's going to highlight.

But if I want to just isolate this, I can pin this as well, and it's going to only highlight that particular node and it's going to get rid of everything else. And then also I can turn different things on and off. So let's say this particle flow, let's say if you don't like this kind of green particle flow, you can also come here and just shut this off and it'll just make it look a lot cleaner.

But I kind of like that, so I'll just keep it. And then also I have the ability to choose different themes. So if I zoom out a little bit, you can see on the left-hand side, these are the different themes I could choose, right? If I want like a purple one or like a bit more green here or a bit blue.

So you have the ability to choose here. And then you also have, you know, a heat map that you can turn on or by type. By type just gives you more visual so that way you can see exactly what's going on.

So this is kind of the 3D version. So now let me go back and let me go to 2D version. So this is a 2D version.

So now as you can see, this is kind of a different variation. So it kind of, every time you come into the 2D one, it kind of starts by mapping everything. You can speed this up.

So I'm going to speed this up so that way it maps everything out. And this has a bit, a few more features than the 3D one as well. So let me go ahead and let this thing finish.

There you go. So now it's kind of completely done. So you can see right away, one of the things is it has icons, right? If I don't like this, so for instance, Claude is the main brain.

So it has this brain icon, which is very cool. Everything else has an icon that's related to it, right? So if I step outside and it also has the different notes, I can just hover over it and automatically highlight everything. Of course, I can search for something.

I click on something. On the left-hand side, same thing. I have the ability to choose.

So let's say I want to look at my ad suite, right? This is going to pull up all of the notes that are related to that. It gets highlighted. I can read exactly what this thing is with the notes here on the left-hand side.

And I can also, so if I go back here, on the left-hand side, I have the ability to, let's say I don't want these icons, so I can just turn it off. And you can see now it's just kind of these glowing, glowing dots there. I can turn off like the background, like Aurora Sky.

So this just makes it look black. I can turn it on here. So you can see there are like really different pretty features here.

I can turn this in different shapes. I can turn off the glow, the particle flow, the curved links. If I only want like straight links, I can do that.

And same thing, you have the ability to add different themes, right? This has this version as well, but to be honest, I don't like that one. So, but anyways, so similar to the 3D, except you have a few more features. And same thing here.

I can click on anything and it gives you more details. So let's say APEX HVAC, let's say it's one of my clients that I've been working with, right? It gives me, when I click on this, it kind of has this glowing and it gives me the details. On the left-hand side, I can read exactly what this is.

This is Dallas APEX Company, Reputation Management Engagement, plus 500 a month retainer, right? And it shows me exactly all of the notes that's attached to it. So that intake form, the onboarding and everything else. You can imagine for a business, this will be incredible because they can see everything visually.

Now I'm a visual person. That's why I built this because when I can see something, when I can see the connections of everything, I understand it a lot better. Now let me go ahead and explain why every person and every business needs this and what this AI second brain actually is and what it does.

So here's the problem that everyone has right now. You use AI every day, but it has amnesia. Whether you're a person just using it for personal use or for your own business, it applies to everybody, right? Every new chat, you're re-explaining your business from scratch.

Your clients, your pricing, what you decided last week. It's a genius assistant who forgets everything overnight, which is not very useful. So a second brain fixes that completely.

There's three pieces into that. You, which is on the left-hand side, right? You just talk to it in plain English. The brain is in the middle and here's kind of the secret.

It's not software. It's just folders and text files, right? This one file, which is called Claude.md, is the router that tells AI where everything lives. It's literally that simple.

And Claude, on the right here, reads all of it. So it's not just a chatbot anymore. It's an actual partner that already knows your entire business.

And there are three reasons why this matters. One, no more amnesia, right? Two, it compounds. Every note you add makes every future answer better.

And then three, well, I guess this one is very relevant for this week. It outlasts the hype. It's just files.

A model gets banned, like the one that just got banned, or a better model comes tomorrow. You just basically swap the engine. The brain stays the same.

And here's kind of the big payoff in all of this, right? It's leverage because once your whole business lives in one place your AI understands, you kind of stop juggling it all in your own head. And you make sharper calls. And that's kind of the whole point of this.

Because when you have a clear vision, when you're interacting with your AI that is a true assistant that knows everything about your business, that's the whole point of all of this. That's where AI assistant becomes truly valuable and you no longer have to repeat yourself and waste your time. And your vision becomes clear.

You can make better decisions. All right, so I'm going to show you how this works and give you a quick demo here. So right now, I'm in a brand new session for my Cloud Code here.

I haven't given any context about my business, right? So let me go ahead and ask a particular question and you'll see how this responds. And I'm going to show you exactly on the graph view on our 3D visual or our 2D operating system how this pulls that information. So let me go ahead and paste this.

So I just said, which industry should I target first for reputation management services and what's the sweet spot prospect profile, right? So I'm just going to enter this. So again, this is a very specific question. And this is because I built this reputation management tool that offers reputation management like, you know, Google reviews and Yelp review services for local businesses, let's say, if they have bad reviews, right? So I haven't given that context.

But as you see right here, it automatically answered target moving companies first. They're the number one on your reputation builder list and the reasoning holds up. Moving is inherently high stress, blah, blah, blah.

So it's actually giving me the information from this reputation builder list. And at the bottom, as you can see, it says, want me to spin up a prospecting run reputation-audit, which is a specific skill that I built. Now, if I go back to my cloud here, so let me actually go to the 3D version here.

So I'm just going to click because it's a lot easier to look at. So if I open this, and now I can actually search for reputation and all of the reputation related item gets highlighted here. And if I click my, click on my reputation builder, it gets highlighted.

So you'll see exactly that all of this is actually inside my system or my operating system. And therefore, cloud already has access to this. So therefore, it was able to pull all of this information.

And see in the bottom, it says, want me to spin up a prospecting run, reputation-audit. So you can see specifically, this is an actual skill that's inside this reputation builder. So if I zoom in a little bit, you will see that reputation-audit is right there.

Right? There you go. So this is the reputation audit, which is a skill inside cloud code that I've already run. And therefore, it has access to it.

So that's why it remembers this context and all of the details here. So that's what I mean by an actual second brain. Where now, you no longer have to explain what reputation builder is or what this reputation management services does.

It already remembers that because it has access to this long-term memory. And like I said, with this tool, now you can exactly visualize everything and see everything. So let's say you want to add something new.

This is where now kind of this visualization and seeing it exactly how everything is connected together helps you make better decisions. And therefore, every time you add something new, every time you ask cloud something new or say something about your business or let's say you onboard a new client, everything gets updated into your system. And instead of searching around or giving cloud more details, because it has access to all of this data, it will automatically update everything and therefore know everything about you and your business and it will give you better information and therefore you can have the ability to make better decisions.

So this is why, like I said, everything lives inside the system and now you have a visual layer that you can have access to. For instance, let's say you want to visually look at a past interaction that you've had with let's say a cloud code about a particular client. So instead of kind of going through and asking cloud about the different details, you can actually visually see it.

So let's say I had a client in HVAC, so I can just search for it here and it shows my client here so I can see right here, it's the orange ones. If I click on this, there you go. Now it pulls that up and it shows exactly all of the details about that particular client.

It was called Apex HVAC. I have the monthly report, I have the review audit and I have the intake forms. So all of this is related to the local business concept here and then also it's part of the reputation management, the reputation builder management service.

So I provided a reputation service for this Apex HVAC and then also this is the client that's part of my local business system. So as you can see and it shows you obviously the data that are flowing from which node to what direction and all of that good stuff. So it's kind of like I said a visual layer of you understanding exactly how your AI brain thinks or what's information that is accessed inside your AI whenever you're interacting with cloud and like I said, as you interact with cloud, you learn more and more about your business, about your system, about everything you know.

This is going to keep updating everything and therefore you can have now a way to kind of visualize all of that. Now the reason why this is such a big need is because every business is drowning right now. As AI tools become more and more prominent and as people use AI tools inside every business which they do at this point if you're an employee, right? Everybody has 15 tools they're using.

Nothing is talking to anything. Everything is kind of scattered. Obviously everything I showed you was in my business but picture this exact brain let's say for a moving company, right? Or for an HVAC business or for a law firm, right? Their clients, their reviews, jobs, invoices, one brain, their whole team can ask questions and have access to and visually can see everything.

They can't build this obviously themselves. A lot of these companies or even businesses, they're not that AI savvy for you and most are still honestly copy and pasting with chat GPT, right? Now what you just saw here is just a combination of folders and files. We just added a visual layer to it.

So set up like this could go from $2,000 to $3,000 with a monthly retainer very easily. All right, so let me show you now how you can download a free version of this. So click on the link in the description.

You're going to head over to this is a free community. You're going to head over to the classroom section. You're going to click on this AI second brain operating system.

So I have all the instructions here but just quickly what you need is a folder with markdown. So this could be something like an obsidian vault, a cloud code project or any .md file. MD stands for markdown for those of you who don't know.

And then you're going to go ahead and open your terminal and just copy this code and then install it. This is based on the GitHub. I've given you guys access to this.

So once you do this, obviously you can follow the rest of the instructions there as well. So once you drag the folder, it will automatically open a local host for you and it's going to populate your files like this. Now that's the free version.

It's still pretty cool. You have access to all of the files and all of the different functionalities but if you want the white label version because obviously this is going to have the AI Workshop logo and if you're interested how to create a white label version of this for businesses then that's where you can join my paid community, go to the classroom section, click on AI Second Brain, you have access to version 1, the 2D, version 2, the 3D and also version 3 is also coming. I'm going to add more functionalities to this and then also how to sell this to businesses and if you're completely new to cloud code, I have an entire course there.

We start you from complete beginner as an introduction, show you projects that we built that actually are for real businesses and everything else you need so check out the community. Both links are going to be in the description. We'd love to see you guys part of the paid community but also if you want to join the free community feel free to do that as well.

There are lots of resources in there for you guys if you're a complete beginner. All right, well hopefully you guys found this video helpful. Let me know in the comments if you have any questions.

Thanks for watching. Make sure you like and subscribe because I've got more content coming up in this space that you don't want to miss. Thanks for watching and I'll see you on the next one.

(Transcrit par TurboScribe. Passez à Illimité pour supprimer ce message.)