THE NIGHT OF THE MURDER
Six carefully chosen guests arrive at Boden "Boddy" Black’s family home, 
Tudor Mansion, after receiving a mysterious invitation. Over dinner, Black 
announces his plans to build an extravagantly over-the-top, luxury hotel —
right over a beloved public park. Everyone objects, but then Black reveals 
that he has the perfect blackmail to force each one of them into helping 
him. If they don’t, their secrets will be revealed. Shortly after, Black excuses 
himself and the guests disperse to digest the news. A scream rings out  
and the guests discover Black, murdered.
Now you must solve the classic mystery.
CONTENTS
Gameboard • 6 character tokens • 6 weapon tokens  
50 cards (6 character cards, 6 weapon cards, 9 room cards, 
and 29 Clue cards) • solve envelope • notepad • 2 dice 
CLUE and HASBRO and all related trademarks and logos  
are trademarks of Hasbro, Inc. © 2023 Hasbro.  
TM & ® denote U.S. Trademarks.
Hasbro, Pawtucket, RI 02861-1059 USA.     4150C765300000A
Consumer contact: 
US/Canada: Hasbro Games, Consumer Affairs Dept., P .O. Box 200, Pawtucket, 
RI 02861-1059 USA. TEL. 1-800-255-5516.
Australia consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-au
New Zealand consumer service: https://consumercare.hasbro.com/en-nz
®
F6420
2-6
8+
PARENTS:
Mr. Boden Black requests the honor of 
your company for a private dinner party 
at his historic Tudor Mansion.
Hors d’oeuvres at sundown, dinner at 8. 
Y our RSVP is assumed.
11” x 8.5” Folded to 5.5” x 8.5”  
4C2S 
pg #1
F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_I.indd   1F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_I.indd   1 8/25/22   4:12 PM8/25/22   4:12 PM

=== PAGE ===

MISS SCARLETT
A socialite, at first glance. A sharply intelligent investigative 
journalist, in reality. Writing under the nom de plume ‘Cyan’ , 
she’s landed mobsters in jail and taken down hometown 
heroes. No one is safe from her pen because no one knows 
who she is. Except for Boddy Black, who just happens to need 
a glowing review of his new hotel. CANDLESTICK
LEAD PIPE
WRENCH
REVOLVER
ROPE
DAGGER
with WHA T?WHO killed Boddy Black?
and WHERE?
COLONEL MUSTARD
A decorated war hero, full of stories of past battles and narrow 
escapes. He’s a man of action, with the experience to back it 
up. His credibility as a respected military member means he 
could easily sway public opinion in Black's favor —especially if 
it means no one ever finds out he wasn’t actually in the battle 
for which he was awarded his most prestigious medal.
SOLICITOR PEACOCK
A tenacious attorney who knows exactly how to command  
a room, court or otherwise. Her success has provided  
her significant status and she's not shy about flaunting it.  
Black knows nothing is off-limits when it comes to getting  
her verdict—even tampering with witnesses, a fact he is happy 
to r
eveal if she refuses to represent him in his hotel dealings.
PROFESSOR PLUM
A professor of antiquities with an uncannily perceptive eye.  
His incredible attention to detail aids him in identifying 
coun
terfeits, and occasionally creating them. Only Black knows 
about his most convincing forgery: Plum’s PhD, which hangs 
proudly above his desk. With the right incentive, the professor 
could likely fabricate anything—even a land deed proving  
Black has claim to the park he plans to build his hotel on.
MAYOR GREEN
The loveable Mayor of Hue County who always has a kind 
word to spare. He's up for re-election and not worried in the 
slightest—even his opponents struggle to dislike him. His 
squeaky-clean record has only one tarnish: a campaign-
saving donation from a major crime family. Black has assured 
him that nobody needs to find out... as long as he helps re-
zone the park where Black plans to build his hotel.
CHEF WHITE
An up-and-coming chef full of youthful ambition and fresh 
ideas. She's been running Black's kitchen for years, but finds 
his uninspired menu creatively stifling and dreams of opening 
a restaurant of her own. Her plan relies on talent, persistence... 
and the money she's been skimming from Boddy Black, which 
he's known about all along. She has two choices: thanklessly 
run Black's drab hotel restaurant, or face charges.
2
LOUNGE
CONSERVATORY
STUDY
KITCHEN
DINING ROOM
HALL
BILLIARD ROOM
LIBRARY
BALLROOM
11” x 8.5” Folded to 5.5” x 8.5”  
4C2S 
pg #2
F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_I.indd   2F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_I.indd   2 8/25/22   4:12 PM8/25/22   4:12 PM

=== PAGE ===

SET-UP 
1.  Place all six tokens on their colored spaces around the gameboard. 
All tokens must be on the gameboard, even if there aren’t six players. 
Choose your character. 
2. Place all the weapons in separate, random rooms.
3. Separate the 29 Clue cards from the other cards.  
Shuffle the clue card deck and leave it facedown  
by the gameboard.
4. Separate the other cards into three decks: characters, 
weapons, and rooms. Shuffle each deck and place it 
facedown. 
5. Take the top card from each deck and slide it carefully 
into the solve envelope so no one sees. It now contains 
the three cards that answer the questions:
WHO killed Black, WHERE did they do it, and with WHAT weapon?
This is the mystery you need to solve! Place the envelope  
on the center of the board.
6. Shuffle the remaining character, weapon, and room cards together and 
deal them all out among the players. It’s okay if some players have more 
cards than others.
7. Tear one sheet from the detective notebook for each player. You’ll need to 
get a pen (not included) for each player too.
8. Secretly look at your cards and mark off the suspects, weapons, and rooms 
on your sheet. They cannot be in the envelope! Keep your sheet and your 
cards secret.
Clue cards
Note:  If you want to play a two-player game, see page 6.  
 You will deal the cards out differently at this stage.
43
®
© 2023 Hasbro.
Scarlett said what?
She knows a little something 
about everyone and she’s got 
secrets to spill.
All players secretly show one card  
to the left.
56 x 87 4C2S  
pg #2
56 x 87 4C2S  
pg #1
F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_C.indd   1-2F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_C.indd   1-2 4/18/22   3:56 PM4/18/22   3:56 PM
11” x 8.5” Folded to 5.5” x 8.5”  
4C2S 
pg #3
F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_I.indd   3F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_I.indd   3 8/25/22   4:12 PM8/25/22   4:12 PM

=== PAGE ===

HOW TO WIN  
Once you think you’ve cracked the case, make your accusation! You can only 
make one accusation per game. It must be on your turn, but it can be right after 
you make a suggestion. You must be in a room, but you don’t have to be in the 
room you’re going to name.
1. Say, “I accuse [character], in [room], with [weapon].”
2. Secretly open the envelope. Are all three cards you named inside?
YES! You win! Congratulations on solving the case!
NO! Uh oh, you’re wrong! Without letting anyone see, put the cards back in 
the envelope. You can’t take any more turns, but you must show cards when 
other players make suggestions or name cards they want revealed. The game 
continues until someone makes a correct accusation. If no one does, the 
murderer gets away! 
TWO-PLAYER (OR TEAM) GAME  
This variation plays like the classic game, with two exceptions:
• Set up: After you’ve completed steps 1-5, shuffle the remaining cards and 
place four cards facedown randomly in any four rooms. (For a speedier game, 
place them in the corner rooms.) Then continue setup as usual.
• Play: If you enter a room with a card, secretly look at that card and mark your 
sheet before making your suggestion as usual.
6
DETECTIVE TIPS 
MARKING YOUR SHEET  
When someone shows you a card, mark 
it on your sheet in the first column and in 
the column under their initial. Knowing who 
has which cards will let you strategize when 
making suggestions, and you may be able 
to pick up on clues when other players make 
suggestions.
PROCESS OF ELIMINATION  
Suggestions help you figure out whodunit by 
process of elimination. As players reveal cards, 
you narrow down which character, weapon, 
and room cards might be in the envelope.
USING YOUR CARDS  
Use the cards in your hand to your  
advantage when making suggestions.  
If you want to know if a player has a  
specific card, try naming one or two  
of your own cards. 
PLA YERSWHO?
WHAT?
WHERE?
Green
Mustard
Peacock
Plum
Scarlett
White
Candlestick
Dagger
Lead Pipe
Revolver
Rope
Wrench
Ballroom
Billiard Room
Conservatory
Dining Room
Hall
Kitchen
Library
Lounge
Study
© 2023 Hasbro.
F6420
®
Jg CA Tg AB PD
Think you’ve solved the mystery? You can make an accusation 
right after you make a suggestion! See WIN for details. 
LET’S PLAY  
Roll one of the six-sided dice to determine who goes first.
ON YOUR TURN  
Roll the dice then you may perform one or more actions:
1. Move your character token. 
• You may move up to the number of squares you rolled. (The magnifying 
glass counts as 1!) If you are able to enter a room, see step 2 for more details.
• You cannot move diagonally, go through the same square twice on a turn, 
or land on or move through a square already occupied by another token —
including doorways.
• You may enter a room on your turn, but do not have to roll the exact 
number. You must enter through an unblocked doorway.
• If you are already in a room at the start of your turn: You do not have to 
move if you plan to make a suggestion (see step 2). If there is a secret 
passage, you can move your token to the room the passage connects to.
2. Make a suggestion.
If you reach or stay in a room, make a suggestion for who did it, with what, and 
where. Say, “I suggest [any character], in [the room you are in], with [any weapon].”
• Move the suspect character and weapon into that room. (They’ll remain  
there after your turn. There can be any number of tokens and weapons in  
a room at one time.)
• The player to your left secretly shows you one of the cards from your  
suggestion, if they have one. If they have more than one, they choose  
which one to show you.
• If they don’t have one, then the next player secretly shows you a card from  
your suggestion, and so on. After you’ve been shown a card, your suggestion  
is disproven, and play moves on.
• No one has a card? That’s okay. 
Mark your sheet with the card you were shown. It can’t be in the envelope.  
If you roll the magnifying glass icon, draw a Clue card. Read it aloud  
and do what it says, then return it to the bottom of the deck.
• If you roll two icons, you should still only draw one card.
• If a character, weapon, or room card is revealed, mark it on your sheet.
• Any time you have to reveal a card, place it back in your hand afterwards.
If you weren’t shown any cards, that could mean your suggestion is correct! 
That’s it. Now the player to your left goes!
In this example, Professor Plum is the murderer!
5
11” x 8.5” Folded to 5.5” x 8.5”  
4C2S 
pg #4
F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_I.indd   4F64200000_CLUE_REFRESH_I.indd   4 8/25/22   4:12 PM8/25/22   4:12 PM